Rework Next.js quick start guide (wizard) (#12291)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-verify/javascript.nextjs.mdx

> ## Step 3: Verify Your Setup

Reviewer: I don't like this section because the wizard will tell you to do this. We should avoid putting information in multiple places. If the wizard is missing information that we would have added here, we should add it to the wizard instead. My working theory is that once people run the wizard command, they will not look back into the docs until they are done with looking at the error in Sentry. At which point all of this text is already irrelevant. What's more important in that moment is the Next Steps.

Author: I understand you're suggesting we simplify the guide to only include "Prerequisites," "Install," and "Next Steps." -- Did I get this right?

This is a new idea, and I'd like to share it with the others to get their input as well (hopefully tomorrow).

I see the advantages of having a shorter guide and relying more on the wizard.  
However, there are a few points we need to be mindful about:
- once the terminal window in which the wizard ran is closed, all its information is gone; the quick start guide is always accessible
- "they will not look back into the docs until they are done with looking at the error in Sentry" - on the other hand, we probably also have users who don't read all the text in the terminal (I'm such a candidate, for example). Especially everything that comes after the green Success message may be perceived as "not important"; ideally, we can make both of these user types happy
- many users who use this type of guide are probably new and don't know much about Sentry yet. So the quick start guide is a great place to introduce them to features beyond error monitoring and provide links to more information -> but we have also talked about providing this info somewhere else (eg. on a landing page #12289)

this is also relevant to your comment on the features: [/#discussion_r1910162943](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/12291#discussion_r1910162943)

Reviewer: These points make sense. We can keep it, but I would advocate for half a sentence like "If you haven't done so through the setup wizard, go through the following steps to....". That way people will know not to do the same thing twice.

Author: Thank you -- I'll rewrite this section for sure because I now see that it can be misleading!

Let's confirm that Sentry is working properly and sending data to your Sentry project by using the example page and route created by the installation wizard.

> 1. Open the example page at [http://localhost:3000/sentry-example-page](http://localhost:3000/sentry-example-page)

Reviewer: another problem: it may not always be `localhost:3000` depending on the app

2. Click the "Throw error" button. This triggers two errors:
   - a frontend error
   - an error within the API route

Sentry will capture both of these errors for you. Additionally, the button click starts a performance trace to measure the time it takes for the API request to complete.

<Alert level="success" title="Tip">

Make sure to explore the example files' code in your project to understand what's happening after your button click.

</Alert>

### View Captured Data in Sentry

Now head over to your Sentry project on [Sentry.io](https://sentry.io) to view the collected data (it takes a couple of moments for the data to appear).

<Alert level="warning" title="Important">

> Errors triggered from within your browser's developer tools are sandboxed, so they will not trigger Sentry's error monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors triggered from within your browser's developer tools (i.e. the browser console) are sandboxed, so they will not trigger Sentry's error monitoring.
```

Author: updated 👍

## Step 2: Verify Your Setup

<Expandable level="warning" title="Are you developing with Turbopack?">

> The Sentry SDK doesn't fully support `next dev --turbo` as Turbopack is still under development. This means that the Sentry SDK will not capture any data for the frontend. Other than that, your devserver should be fully operational.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Sentry SDK doesn't fully support `next dev --turbo` as Turbopack is still under development. This means that the Sentry SDK will not capture any data from your frontend. Other than that, your dev server should be fully operational.
```

Author: updated this

Check the latest information on [Sentry's support for Turbopack on GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/8105).

</Expandable>

> If you haven't tested your setup yet, let's do it now. You can confirm that Sentry is working properly and sending data to your Sentry project by using the example page and route created by the installation wizard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you haven't tested your Sentry configuration yet, let's do it now. You can confirm that Sentry is working properly and sending data to your Sentry project by using the example page and route created by the installation wizard:
```

Author: updated 👍

> 1. Open the example page `/sentry-example-page` in your browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open the example page `/sentry-example-page` in your browser (for most Next projects this will be on localhost).
```

Author: 👍 updated with minor adjustment
